ah
you brothers you could move mountains
without lifting a finger
minister malcolm x good news the chariot
is coming
who's the greatest that's right jim
brown takes the ball your record is
going to stand the test of time
all together
the entire city of miami is celebrating
i'm the new heavyweight champion of the
world and i don't even have a scratch on
my
face oh my goodness why am i so pretty
hey congratulations jim
i could get used to that i was made in
america landed a free home of the break
this movement that we are in is called a
struggle
because we are fighting for our lives
this ain't about civil rights
we have to be there for each other
everybody rich all i gotta do is
[Music]
you